Zhang Wen Xu,
come outside with me.
Everyone, eat first.
You see,
Even if we let Zhi Han
choose between us,
She would still choose me.
Why?
Zhang Wen Xu,
what exactly did you say to Zhi Han?
Don’t think of me so poorly.
I’ve never said anything
bad about you in front of her.
Instead of thinking that way about me,
why don’t you think a bit
about why Zhi Han is so resistant?
Try reflecting on yourself.
What do you mean?
You see,
even if my mother hates her,
even if that little fat kid bullies her,
she still prefers to stay here.
Why is that?
Jian Dao,
you’re so smart,
why not think about it yourself?
In this world,
you can’t have both fish and bear’s paw.
You want both freedom and children,
how can you have both?
Why haven’t they come out yet?